Again, with casino, it is extremely heavily regulated. Right?
And you can win money.
Certain makes sense that you can't have the risk of winning money without losing
money. Right. But with Dutcher games.
Well, for some people though, manly that P and G is worth more than money. It.
Blew my mind, but it took like.
Serious. How many what's wrong with you?
Because that's Sarah put in your childhood does serotonin.
Cause like I've never cared about
those PMs. I've never cared about winning money. Cause like, you know,
to me, money, money has value. Like, Oh obviously like
you can't buy some WiFi's like that, that serotonin here,
when you win like a character that you're actually emotionally attached to you,
you know what I mean? Cause people who win money casinos,
they're not emotionally attached to this money.
I've I've had friends who have had actual, you know,
proper gambling problems as well. And I remember this, my,
I knew a friend in a university who one day,
one like 10,000 pounds in a casino could have paid off.
His student loans could have, could have been like completely debt-free.
And within,
within three weeks he had spent the 10 K 10,
10,000 pounds on, on gambling, Muslim gambling. And he asked him,
dude, you could have invest this money. You could have used it like more wisely.
You could have used it to better your life. Why did you spend it on gambling?
Or why did you spend it so easily? And he said,
because I didn't care about it because he didn't earn it. Right. Cause,
cause he,
cause he had no emotional attachment to the money cause he was just given it.
So to him it just felt like it is the equivalent of just someone coming up to me
and be like, he's 10 K.
Yeah. A lot of these, you know, the serotonin that you get from these wife,
who's three months say you don't give a.
Well that's, that's, that's your prerogative.
I don't give a about some of the games that you pulled for and got that lovely
serotonin Hitler.
No one. I mean I have Ivy goes to his like wall, like ah, yes.
I remember I had a good experience playing like,
Oh the gadget games I've played.
Otherwise I wouldn't have played them in the first place. It's like, you know,
small, basically the same as like going to a arcade or something. Right.
And like putting money into that. Yeah. That's different now. It's different.
You're only paying, you know, maybe a hundred yen at, at a time,
but it's still the same.
The problem is that it's you could do a hundred yen at a time.
If I wanted to spend 500 bucks,
which I tried to do like five hours at a time.
If you want to spend 10 grand on Gacha give yourself 20 minutes.
10 Grand in 20 minutes. Probably.
Good. If you were just buying this the highest option multiple times.
Bankruptcy, let's go baby.
I'm sure. You know like,
like you see the streamers who spent like 10 grand and without that make the
money back. Yeah. Because I bought all the people who are doing that,
who aren't making the money. Right. Um, yeah.
Some people were probably in the financial position to be able to do that. Yeah.
But why even give yourself the chance of like making that happen to other people
who aren't right. Like you here and again,
you hear the horror stories of kids spending their mother's money and like that.
Like why is this even able to happen? This shouldn't,
this should always be a hard limit built in that.
Shouldn't be able to like got beat up.
Okay. Let, let me, let me ask you this on the person though.
Let me ask you this. What regulations would you want to see then?
What regulations w how, how would you fix this problem that you've, uh, that,
that you've presented.
When you download the game? Right? And there is Gachet in it.
That should be an immediate question of what is the maximum you're willing to
spend in like one year and you physically,
no matter what you do cannot go over that.
Like it will. What if you said zero and then you change your mind?
Well, that's on you. You've already said zero.
It's not the same as just putting in the credit card numbers by yourself.
Anyway.
You've decided zero.
You then can't hurt yourself more and you're stuck with the thing.
Cause you agreed to zero. I think that should be a thing.
No, because like on, on the, on the other side,
then that means spending money in, in essence is also on you. Right? That,
that, you know, that that's,
that shifts responsibility from just one place to another.
Like the problem with the people have with,
I think when they're talking about like gambling addicts is that we don't think
of it. Cause we're not gambling addicts.
We don't think of it as why don't you just not spend money broke? That's not,
that's not how it works.
That's not how it like this is the problem is that I think people alienate these
people and don't even remotely think how it is to be in that position.
I totally understand. But at the same time,
it's what I'm trying to say is obviously they are,
there are people that are proper gambling addicts that have a problem that they,
you know, physically, you know,
like cannot control all the time to control back. How would you,
how would you introduce a system where, you know, how do you,
how do you introduce a system that's can regulate that, you know, as opposed to,
you know, other people who have, you know, no problem, you know,
having willpower and being able to control their spending and financial
decisions.
I do think that there should be a hard limit on monthly amount of money you can
spend on any game. I legitimately believe that.
I believe that I do not think that like anyone should have any excuse to spend
over like $10,000 on a video game a month. Like that should be just,
that should be like a hard limit baked into the game or app store,
something like that because no one, realistically,
no one needs to spend over a grand. And if they do,
if everyone's playing by the same thing of no one can spend over the, a grand,
the dabs won't make games that are able to get benefit of spending over a grant.
You know what I mean? Like,
I don't understand why there hasn't been some kind of like hard limit on video
game spending like that.
Because why would the devs [inaudible] I know.
I like, I, I that's,
that's probably the best solution I can like agree on because I do feel like
there should be a hard limit on how much you can.
I think there also should be something again with like how you can say,
I want to quit like casinos because you know,
gambling addicts probably aren't gambling addicts, 24 seven.
It's probably like a lapse of like willpower where they're like,
I need to gamble some yeah, I'm depressed or something.
I don't know how it works,
but there should be something in the system that's like, okay, I want a gamble.
All right. And then you can say that, or at one point,
when you download the game, say, I don't want to gamble.
You can only change this in say seven days of like, Oh, you sure?
So you say yes, I want to gamble. All right, come back in seven days.
If you're sure you want to gamble, we'll let you gamble. Right? Why not?
Something like that. Developers,
because most of the money I bet is spent is of air.
Everyone's a moment of weakness with that. Like, you know, it.
I'll spend a hundred bucks on, you know what I mean?
Most often you spend a hundred dollars on the Gacha. If I had to ask you Joey,
come back in seven days, tell me you still want to spend that a hundred bucks.
One bothered with playing the game at that point, or you'd play it free to play.
Yeah. Or not play it at all. I mean, I say more, more than anything.
I'd probably not play it at all. Yeah. Well,
if you can't spend money in the game, well, no, if I'm, like,
if I'm persistently being asked, like, are you sure?
Are you sure you want to do it? I'm just like,
I'm not even gonna bother with it then.
Is that intrusive? What do you mean?
You won't let me spend my money on their furious. It's like, leave me alone.
I'll spend it.
If I want to spend it like the opposite now where they're like my money spend
money, yogurt. Yeah. This packet, this packet deal.
I'm like, I'll get the pack if I feel like getting the pack,
but I'm not going to be like, what do you mean?
You can just say no to the money thing. Yeah.
You literally just said the same thing. You're just being an. Now.
I literally, what gave you the opposite situation where I was like, spend money,
spend money. And you're like, I'm fine. I don't want that. Yeah.
So what's the difference of saying, know what
I'm going to be like? You're just playing devil's advocate just to me off. I.
Love you off. It's my favorite hobby.